well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight's gonna be a little
different because a whole bunch of
people sent me a screenshot of a tweet
and by a whole bunch I mean like 11 can
I get more they sent it I get why they
sent it in that video about the Kurds I
wore a Kurdish scarf that was my attempt
at a visual disclosure notice yeah I'm
gonna try to be objective but I've got a
massive bias in favor of the Kurds that
was my my giant red flag well red yellow
and green so I understand why people
sent this tweet I think they were trying
to start a feud between David Pakman and
myself I don't think that arguing with
other commentators does a lot of good
I think debates just tend to reinforce
the ideas of those people watching they
already have their minds made up and
they're just looking for their side to
make points and the other thing is I I
feel this frustration Phyllis
frustration in the tweet okay so the
tweet is the concerns about the Kurds
are obviously warranted but it's still
funny to hear people who have never
cared about them and barely know who
they are talk about it like it's been
their issue for a decade as somebody
who's it has been their issue for more
than a decade
I feel the frustration I get his
starting point I think he stopped a
little too soon though but I get his
starting point it is frustrating because
it is annoying to only see the Kurds
brought up when it is politically
advantageous for one party or the other
it is especially if you're trying to
advocate for them and the American base
of knowledge in general is really
shallow it's based on memes and we'll
get to the memes in a little bit
but III do feel the annoyance but rather
than just say I can't believe you just
learned about them tonight we're going
to talk about the Kurds who they are
we're gonna use that as a jumping off
point because it is annoying so let's
fix it Kurds have been around since
about the 7th century they are very old
people very old people over that time
they've been conquered and divided up by
colonial powers then oppressed by
countries set up by colonial powers like
people that were the countries were just
formed because guys drew a line on a map
with no respect to the people who lived
there that's why you see a lot of
sympathy and loyalty from the Irish from
the bosk
from other people who have had centuries
long struggles to obtain independence
now when you talk to Americans about the
Kurds one of the first questions you get
is well what are they
it took me a long time actually
understand the question because what
they're really asking is what religion
are they and it makes sense it's the
Middle East that's one of the unique
things about the Kurds you know if you
ask a Saudi you know he's right now
right away
I'm Sunni you know you will get that
information you'll get the religion more
likely before you get the nationality
when you ask what are you with the Kurds
they're Kurds they're Kurdish they are
Kurds before they are Shia before they
are Sunni and that that is unique that
doesn't happen a lot in the Middle East
now to answer the question I think
they're predominantly Sunni but there
are Shia
there you City there are Christians
there are religions that most Americans
have never heard of because they are a
very very old people
now another question that pops up when
you start talking about them as well why
did they go to Syria because in the
American mindset we know about him from
Iraq we know about in front from Iraq
and that's it they're in Syria because
they've always been in Syria and Turkey
and Iraq and Iran and our many they're
spread out all over these countries and
when the the maps were drawn they got
left out in the cold it's a lot of hot
spots on that list too in there it's why
they're important geopolitically they
look to the West because they want
independence and the West looks at them
like a ready-made insurgent force that
is the geopolitical reality
in this recent incident the objection or
the justification for Trump's actions
was that you know turkey is an important
strategic partner this isn't the Cold
War no they're not what the that they're
not that they're irrelevant they've been
irrelevant for a very long time now the
objections to that statement are that
while one Air Bases into second largest
military in NATO okay the air bases
aren't that important anymore
the US military conducts business and by
business I mean war through force
projection that's the ability to put
your troops anywhere in the world and
sustain them and some people would say
that Incirlik a large base there plays a
part in that kind of kind of but it
doesn't have to be a turkey and there
are actually other bases that are better
there's nothing that goes on and
Incirlik they couldn't be moved in a
month not really that significant the
other part of it is that as part of the
way the US military conducts business we
don't need a big air base because we're
going to take yours it's one of the
first things that's going to happen the
Rangers are going to show up in the
middle of the night and take over the
airports it's what they excel at it's
actually creepy if you've ever seen a
demonstration so that that's not a real
strategic benefit coming from Turkey the
other thing that the second largest
military in NATO that's it's based off
troop numbers those aren't important
anymore really that's that's not
significant this isn't the 1940s yes
during World War two a company of men
that was a huge obstacle today that's
something for air support to take out on
route to the main objective what matters
on today's battlefield is technology and
Turkey is reliant on others
or technology they are not that
strategically important I'm in that
region do you know what is strategically
important in that region assets on the
ground human intelligence locals that
will help in short the Kurds a lot of
people like you know Trump gave Putin
Syria on his birthday
he gave him something far more valuable
than that he gave him the Kurds because
the Kurds are never going to trust the
US the way they did and they're gonna
look to another superpower and that
superpower is probably going to be
Russia all of those hotspots and there
are there were people very loyal to the
United States so they're gone they're no
longer going to have that level of
loyalty that's why they don't have a
homeland that's why they don't have a
country of their own because we'd rather
string them along in hopes of it rather
than actually do something that could
promote peace if let's say the Kurdish
region in northern Iraq was suddenly
Kurdistan a country you really think the
people 30 miles on the other side of the
Syrian border are gonna fight and die
now they're gonna move I can't have that
can't actually do anything to promote
peace I guess and I know somebody in
response to that is gonna say well we're
just supposed to redraw the borders in
the Middle East again huh the reason we
have so many problems in the Middle East
is because we drew the borders the first
time and paid no attention to the people
who lived there
Turkey for example in the Kurdish
scenario I believe it was the Treaty of
lisanne in 1923 it handed Turkey a
peninsula where all the Kurds lived
that's why there's the trouble there is
because we didn't pay attention now we
don't have to redraw the maps but we can
give them the agency to do it themselves
but because we want to have the ability
to stabilize these nations at any point
in time we want to keep the Kurds
oppressed through other countries it's
what the American people don't normally
know about the Kurds what do they know
the means on the left you know that they
experiment in various systems of
governance which is cool and they're a
gala terian for the most part on the
right and I'm not gonna put too fine a
point on this the Kurds have a very high
density of ridiculously attractive women
I mean it is what it is and they're
egalitarian therefore you get photos of
women warriors that are attractive with
weapons that's what the right gets out
of it they get to look at the mmm
there's a term fighting blank doll
anyway they get to look at that
archetype and they get to feel like
they're supporting them but they only
care enough to share me I would love if
the fact that the Kurds have entered the
main political discourse in the United
States that this time it has some
staying power that this time we think
beyond memes and realize there's 30
million people out there without a
country there's 30 million people that
are stateless for all intents and
purposes I think that we can muster a
little more support than just sharing a
meme on Facebook anyway it's just a
fault
do I have a good night